## Cascade Incidence Output Results ##

This directory contains all the results generated by the cascade incidence analysis scripts. A description of the results presented in the cascade incidence manuscript are stored in the repository for transparency and reproduciblity purposes.

The repository only contains the result `.csv` files. Raw results files and figures are available on request (Rgray@kirby.unsw.edu.au).  

### Cascade Estimates ###

Cascade estimates for the years 2014 and 2015 are stored in the main directory in three files for each year the files `gbm_hiv_cascade-2014_ecdc.csv` and `gbm_hiv_cascade-2015_ecdc.csv` contain the cascade estimates used in the cascade incidence analysis. The other files present the numerical and proportional results as strings for publications purposes. 

### Results from Bayesian analysis ###

When the script `2-CascadeIncidenceBayes.Rmd` in the parent directory is run it creates a specific directory for storing the results. Each run of the script produces a new directory with a name starting with "Cascade_Bayes_" followed by the time the simulations were initiated. These directories can be manually renamed to reflect the characteristics of the simulation as desired. 

Within each result directory raw results are saved as `.rda` files. These files are then loaded by the script `3-CascadeIncidenceResults.Rmd` in the parent directory to produce summary results and figures within the associated results directory. The summary results are contained in four `.csv` files which use strings showing the median and 95% credible interval for each stage and year for publications purposes:

- `Beta_relative_summary.csv`: The relative value of the infectivity parameter for each stage of the HIV cascade in 2004 and 2015 compared to the value for the diagnosed population.
- `Beta_summary.csv`: The value of the infectivity parameter for each stage of the HIV cascade in 2004 and 2015.
- `Source_Infections.csv`: The number of new infections attributed to each stage of the HIV cascade for each year.
- `Source_Infections_Percent.csv`: The percentage of new infections attributed to each stage of the HIV cascade for each year.
- `Total_infections.csv`: The total number of new infections each year.

Corresponding figures are stored in a `figures/` directory in the result directory. 

### Specific results ###

Within the repository are five results directories corresponding to the results reported in the HIV cascade incidence paper:

- `Cascade_Bayes_2014Cohen`: Results generated using the 2014 cascade estimates and a prior for the infectivity parameter of the virally suppressed GBM population based on the Cohen et al 2011 study. 
- `Cascade_Bayes_2015Cohen`: Results generated using the 2015 cascade estimates and a prior for the infectivity parameter of the virally suppressed GBM population based on the Cohen et al 2011 study; a lognormal distribution with mean 0.04 (95% CI: 0.01-0.27) (Cohen MS, Chen YQ, McCauley M, Gamble T, Hosseinipour MC, Kumarasamy N, et al. Prevention of HIV-1 infection with early antiretroviral therapy. New England journal of medicine 2011; 365:493–505).
- `Cascade_Bayes_2015Noerror`: Results generated using the 2015 cascade estimates assuming no error and a prior for the infectivity parameter of the virally suppressed GBM population based on the PARTNER study; an exponential distribution with a 95% confidence interval of 0-0.0084 (Rodger AJ, Cambiano V, Bruun T, Vernazza P, Collins S, Van Lunzen J, et al. Sexual activity without condoms and risk of HIV transmission in serodifferent couples when the HIV-positive partner is using suppressive antiretroviral therapy. JAMA 2016; 316:171–181).
- `Cascade_Bayes_2015Partner`: Results generated using the 2015 cascade estimates and a prior for the infectivity parameter of the virally suppressed GBM population based on the PARTNER study.
- `Cascade_Bayes_2015Zero`: Results generated using the 2015 cascade estimates and assuming virally suppressed GBM have a zero probability of transmission. 

